To install guncat by hand instead of using a binary distribution perform
the following steps:

    0. Guncat and its construction depends, in addition to the normally
        standard available system software on specific software and versions 
        which is documented in the file `required'.

       (If you compile the bobcat library yourself, note that guncat does
        not use the SSL, Milter and Xpointer classes; they may --as far as
        guncat is concerned-- be left out of the library by running
        './build light')

    1. It is expected you use icmake for the package construction. For this a
        top-level script (build) and support scripts in the ./icmake/
        directory are available. By default, the 'build' script echoes the
        commands it executes to the standard output stream. By specifying the
        option -q (e.g., ./build -q ...) this is prevented, significantly
        reducing the output generated by 'build'.

    2. Inspect the values of the variables in the file INSTALL.im Modify these
       when necessary. The default skeleton filenames are compiled into
       guncat through the definitions in options/data.cc.

    3. Run 
            ./build program [strip]
       to compile guncat. The argument `strip' is optional and strips
       symbolic information from the final executable.

    4. If you installed Yodl then you can create the documentation:
            ./build man 
        builds the man-page.

    5.  Before installing guncat's components, consider defining the
        environment variable GUNCAT, defining its value as the (preferably
        absolute) filename of a file on which installed files and directories
        are logged.  Defining the GUNCAT environment variable as ~/.guncat
        usually works well.

    6. Installation of the software in the default locations (i.e,, without
        specifying a 'base' location, see the command below) probably requires
        root permissions.

        To install the software run:

            ./build install [base]

        This installs guncat, its man page, and standard documentation below
        'base' in the locations defined in INSTALL.im. If you don't want to
        install a particular component remove the corresponding #define from
        INSTALL.im. By default 'base' is an empty string.

    7. Following the installation nothing in the directory tree which contains
        this file (i.e., INSTALL) is required for the proper functioning of
        guncat, so consider removing it. If you only want to remove
        left-over files from the build-process, just run

            ./build distclean

    8.  Uninstalling previously installed components of guncat (using
        ./build install ...) is easy if the environment variable GUNCAT was
        defined when issuing the `./build install ...' command. In that case,
        run the command

            ./build uninstall

        This command only works if the environment variable GUNCAT has the
        same value as was used with the `./build install' commands, and the
        file to which it refers still exists. In that case `./build uninstall'
        removes all installed files (unless they were modified) and removes
        all empty directories created by the `./build install ...'  command.
        Defining the GUNCAT environment variable as ~/.guncat usually
        works well.

